Gold ring set with bloodstones/Carved ivory statuette/Large gold bracelet/Silver necklace with a gemstone pendant/Bronze crown/Silk robe with gold embroidery/Large well-made tapestry/Brass mug with jade inlay/Box of turquoise animal figurines/Gold bird cage with electrum filigree/Signet Ring of a High Noble Family/Platinum Necklace with embedded Diamond/Platinum Dragonscale/Platinum (Silver)ware/Pearl/Magical Crystal Broke in Half/A Divination Card/A Diamond Ring/A single pubic hair from a nymph./A string of firecrackers./An ancient bronze coin. The tyrant on it looks exactly like you./A deck of dirty playing cards. /A link of chain from a Valkyrie's chain mail bikini./A pinch of lich dust in a tiny batskin pouch./A twelve sided die with arcane symbols/A pair of tarnished silver horseshoes, possibly from the Lake Terrace wererat troubles of ten years ago. /A large crystal vase, silver trimmed, with a dozen dead roses and some stagnant water within. /A wicker basket with a pair of mink furs within. /A large, wrought-iron sign crafted to read: “Beware of Wyvern” in a bold script. The sign weighs 80 pounds. /A silver statuette depicting entwined triton lovers. /A 3’ square replica of a castle, in wood, complete with ramparts and miniature ballistae and toy soldiers. Scribbled in some spots are notes written in draconic that suggest a plan to assault the castle (“Kill guard here first”, “Murder holes overhead”, Fireball this area”, etc…).It weighs 120 pounds. /A leather vest with climbing gear: 12 iron pitons, a hammer, 50’ of silk rope, a grappling hook, a set of bronze crampons, thick leather gloves, and a leather harness seat. /Four cat skeletons, each wearing an identical collar; black leather set with a small tourmaline. /A large bronze wardrobe, banded in steel, which contains Violet Fungi (hp 15) and a human body with rotting noble’s clothing, a rusty dagger, and a thin platinum bracelet set with a moonstone. /A rolled and oiled cloth sail sized for a warship’s main mast; dyed green and tied with rope. /A large pile of dismantled copper pipes covered in mold and verdigris; roughly 140 pounds. /A life-size basalt statue of a raven. /A masquerade mask crafted of leather and peacock feathers. /A crude altar of white granite, bloodstained, with a streak of gold ore running through it. The altar weights 300 pounds.  /A silver hand mirror with mother-of-pearl backing. /A horse sleigh capable of seating four people comfortably. The leather has dry rot and must be replaced before being useable. /Seven lengths of extremely thick, 30’ long, hemp rope, such as that used for catapults. /A granite fountain designed to look like a school of brightly colored fish cresting sea waves. The fish are bedecked in colored glass, silver, and copper scales. Water coming out of the six ‘above-water’ fish is designed to be tinted to the colors of the rainbow by the colored glass. (1355 colored glass scales: 1cp each, 245 copper scales: 2cp each, 245 silver scales: 2sp each. The fountain is valued at 100gp if the entire thing can be moved.)/A silver-headed heavy mace, the head of which is shaped into the likeness of a ram’s head. /A tower shield of bronze, cast into the likeness of a chimera’s heads and enameled to provide the appropriate colors. /An ivory-colored robe of fine wool which is capable of bursting into illusory flames once a day for up to one minute. The command word, “Fladarro”, is stitched in red thread on the left sleeve. /A lovely ivory-colored dress of silk with flowing sleeves. The dress has tiny pearls sewn at the neckline. /A pair of blue enameled steel spiked gauntlets. The palms of both gauntlets are designed to display the Cambersome family crest, a stylized ‘C’ shaped into the likeness of a coiled serpent. /A baby rattle crafted of silver. /A merchant’s leather case containing a selection of twenty well-made daggers of varying designs. /A brass chamber pot in which has been hidden 3 pieces of rosy quartz./An iron tomb plaque (for setting on a tomb to identify its occupant), that has rusted away to reveal a hollow space within, in which is a rolled scroll of very thin, beaten gold. The scroll is etched in an ancient language (“The treasure of the Wavestar is secured in the cave of the cove.”), and has a crude map showing a coastline with unknown markings (star readings for ships). Research can find that the Wavestar was a merchant ship that was presumably lost at sea over a hundred years ago. /A mithril-headed branding-iron bearing the sigil of the Manticora Trading House. /An electrum drow house-medallion bearing the image of a crimson scorpion with the house name inscribed on the back in the drow tongue (House Ulrather). /A small cedar cask of dwarven pipe tobacco. /A small wooden case holding four pairs of fairy wings. (4gp per pair to an alchemist, wizard, or university)/A cross-section of an ancient goldenbough tree, roughly a foot thick, which has been meticulously carved into a three-dimensional map of the terrain of the kingdom with major cities, castles, and ports marked accurate to about forty years ago. The whole weighs in at three hundred pounds. /A (non-magical) crystal ball that radiates divination magic if detected for./A large pile of coal. Two small, rough diamonds are hidden near the bottom. /An iron flask holding a viscous liquid of intense, emerald-green that smells faintly of citrus fruit. The liquid is a concentrated, magical dye for clothing and the like, equal to four full barrels of normal dye. If consumed, it turns the drinker green for a full month. /A crude bone rod made from a goblin’s femur and set with a cracked jet stone lashed to the rod with cartilage. (A former ‘wand of bestow curse’ used by a goblin witch-doctor, now drained of charges./A leather harness bearing three short quivers (sized for quarrels, rather than arrows). The first holds a dozen red-fletched etched quarrels, and the third has a dozen white fletched quarrels. (5gp)/Clear crystal pyramid-prolonged stare or concentration = glimpse at historical event or extra planar history, but causes 1d4 Int damage per vent seen/A collection of humanoid figurines, each in unspeakable act of evil, packed in box, wrapped in lamb’s wool./A merchant’s leather case containing a selection of twenty well-made daggers of varying designs. (2gp each)/Potion of harmless flaying: 1d4 rounds after drinking this potion target produces the illusions of his or her innards becoming outards for 1d6 minutes. The illusion is entirely intangible, but nonetheless real looking./A wood chip which acts as a magnet, despite its non-metallic nature./Circlet of Inconsolable weeping/Two disks of hardened quicksilver laying atop one another. If they are separated, a tornado springs up between them – anchored on each end to a disk./A newly crafted barrel filled with iron nails. (Barrel: 2gp, nails: 3gp)/Bag of Ash. Acts like a jar of infinite water, except it just makes a grey, sooty ash./A disk of finely polished stone. On one side, the elvish rune for death is inscribed in blackset obsidian. Upon the other, the dwarven rune for life is inscribed in the palest ivory./Compass of useful items: Like a regular compass, except with multiple needles each pointing toward different useful things, such as north, the nearest source of fresh water, the strongest nearby evil aura, nearest large concentration of gold, nearest civilization (exact definition of civilization may vary by user), and nearest storm. Needles lengthen and shorten as the object gets closer or further away./Box with runic markings for destroy or to be destroyed containing cursed object/A small, leather-bound book filled with prophecies. All of them will be found to be true, but the last of them is dated just a few weeks ago./Thirty storm giant minted gold coins, each is the size of a dinner plate and weighs 17 lbs. The image struck on the coins shows a giant hand flicking a human off a table./A frost giant necklace of silver upon which are pierced 17 human-sized hands (all right hands). (Necklace: 55gp)/Dire bat or eagle wings/A golden signet ring, origin unknown./Trained rat in wooden cage – sniffs out gold in exchange for treats./Six giant temple candles. Each is 6’ tall, 1’ thick, and weighs 100 lbs. They are made of fine white wax, rolled in gold dust, and set with emeralds. (320 gps each)/Bioluminescent fluid lantern – shake well, 2d4 hours/A cloak of griffon feathers set on black velvet. (60gp)/A large tome, bound in leather and clasped with gold. A closer inspection of this volume will reveal that each page is perfectly preserved dragon scale, which has been inscribed with the black blood of a fiend. The book describes the four spirits (quicksilver, orpiment, sal ammoniac, sulfur) and seven bodies (gold, silver, iron, quicksilver, lead, tin, copper) of traditional alchemy./A bandolier holding 8 silver flasks (empty (x3), brandy (x2), acid (x1), ogre blood (x1), gold dust (x1, value of gold: 12gp). (Flasks: 3gp each, bandolier: 5gp, ogre blood (to alchemist): 12gp, acid: 10gp, brandy: 5sp each/A large chunk of raw silver ore (roughly 25 pounds). (5gp; 8gp when smelted) Lolo/A 1’ x 3’ bronze plate bearing the ancient, and secret recipe for Black Mountain Stout/A thick leather satchel containing an adventurers’ kit: 6 wax candles, two pieces of white chalk, two pieces of red chalk, a small bag of (100) clay marbles, a whistle, four pieces of charcoal, three large sacks, six iron pitons, a hammer, a tinderbox with flint and steel, 2 empty copper vials, a chunk of coal, and three large sheets of paper. (10gp)/Poison drips – steadily and continuously – from the tip of a stalagmite which stands alone within a natural cavern deep beneath the surface of the earth./A tome whose pages have been yellowed with age and used to press metallic leaves of gold, silver, platinum, brass, copper, and bronze./A small steel shield, triangular, emblazoned with a griffon device in red on a field of gray. This battered shield is inscribed on the interior with the words: “May this shield be your protection in battle, Jallak. Honor the Galbrand name.” (7gp)/A set of pan pipes carved from the bones of a unicorn. When played, they do not make the slightest sound./A thick copper necklace set with a small aquamarine. (7gp)/A rotting wheelbarrow holding 167 torches. (Torches: 1cp each)/Boots of Dry Land: Made for a pirate game I ran a couple of years ago. The wearer of the boots gains water-walking...With a twist. On any body of salt water, the boots generate a 30 ft. radius of dry, walkable sand beneath the wearer. Which means several party members could benefit from the effect. They functioned for an hour per day, but it didn't have to be continuous./Demonic themed tarot or playing cards – extra planar repercussions based on game played; tarot tales come true/Bags that summon random animals/The Erian Tapestry. A famous (or forgotten) tapestry depicting the Fall of Erian. The figures upon the tapestry move and change, re-enacting – in an artistically abstracted form – the legendary battle over the course of half an hour./Glow stones/A hand axe and belt sheath./A collection case holding fifty spent wands – crafted by the finest craftsman and enchanted by the mightiest wizards of a bygone age, but now reduced to mere wood, bone, and glass./Thunder Hammer – deafening or stunned, DC save, 40’ radius/An old boot filled with chunks or flakes of silver-bearing quartz ore (50 gp)/A dwarven holy symbol in silver; shaped into a flaming war-hammer set against an anvil-shaped backdrop. (55gp)/An iron torc with six small silver figurines: A hare, a horse, a spear, a wolf’s head, a simple circle, and an oak tree. (9gp)/An elegant carved comb of oak, engraved with the name Aethelren and decorated with twin dragons. Elsewhere, a similar comb of ash, engraved with the name Ilthorien and decorated with twin unicorns, can be found./A delicately carved hope chest of polished cherry wood. The box contains nothing but a remarkably fine, gray sand drawn from some unknown locale. Beneath the new moon, this sand glows a faint blue./Waterskin of inexplicable upgrading – water to wine, wine to brandy, brandy to spirits, spirits to dwarven ale, dwarven to poison, poison to water/A leather vest with climbing gear: 12 iron pitons, a hammer, 50’ of silk rope, a grappling hook, a set of bronze crampons, thick leather gloves, and a leather harness seat. (32gp for all)/A cache of ancient coins left from the elder days of the world and made by a civilization utterly alien to the values of today: They are carved from bloodstone, moonstone, and jacinth – with unknown faces and unreadable runes decorating their surface./Trap-checking chickens… Unfortunately the chickens aren’t very good at it…/Collapsible rod – 1’, 10’, or 20’ – any size you need!/A miniature crystal – small enough to lie upon the outstretched finger of a halfling child – glows softly, and pulses whenever an object colored red is brought near./Cayon torches – burn different colors for each torch/Bottle of Giant’s urine – repels monsters/A leather bag containing 6 green dragon scales (young adult). (5gp each)/A collection of 6 elephant tusks. (2x12gp, 4x10gp)/A set of 8 silver spoons. (6sp each)/A goblin skull that has been dipped in molten copper. (1gp)/A small, white jade pendant without necklace. The pendant depicts a unicorn rampant with a cracked back leg. (10gp)/Giant-King’s platinum necklace with crimson diamond worn by dragon/Within a rotten pouch found upon the body of a long dead soldier is a parchment with an unbroken seal. If the seal is broken and the message read, it warns its would-be recipient to guard against an eminent betrayal./The sapling of a young tree. Within a few minutes it will have grown into a wizened oak. A few moments more and the tree slowly fades from existence as a young seedling pushes up from the ground and begins the cycle anew./A decorative fountain, crafted elegantly from a single block of jade and decorated with gold leaf, in which the water flows in the wrong direction./A barrel filled with broken crockery. Near the bottom is a mouse nest in which, amidst the tangled mouse fur, lays a silver ring set with a polished tigerseye. (4gp)/A pair of pole mounted fans made of giant raven feathers/The mounted head of a deer, its impossibly massive horns possessed of a thousand and one points./A trolls hand mounted on a three foot rod. It will grasp objects or make a fist. Commands: Grabit, Leggo, Fist./Enchanted talking toad – polymorphed noble – knowledge of multiple regions, religions & other worldly strangeness/Ring of a god/A sundial which runs backwards./Crystal sword – 1 instant hit for max damage – shatters into crystal shards/A large arbalest or bolt thrower. It is disassembled and crated for shipping. It requires four strong men to lift. When reassembled, it hurls a 5’ bolt for 2d12 dmg. (3000 gp)/A silver hand mirror with mother-of-pearl backing. (28gp)/An age-worn ivory figurine, which, nonetheless, bears an uncanny resemblance to a young woman the characters have just met./A roughly beaten golden orb, roughly 10 inches in diameter. The orb is etched with the likeness of an orcish skull with an axe embedded in it. This was used by an orcish chieftain as his “royal orb”. (72gp)/A purple-colored apple. (This enchanted apple has all the properties of a potion of Cure Light Wounds. 50gp)/Ring of Fake invisibility./A rotted saddlebag with coins spilling out. The copper coins have some verdigris, and the silver coins are badly tarnished. (142 cp, 46sp, 2gp)/An arm chair carved entirely of a single piece of coal. Inlaid with silver runes./A miniature model of a pyramid, which glows a faint blue. If a deceased creature of Diminutive or Fine size is placed beneath the pyramid, they will be reincarnated in 1d20 hours. The pyramid can manifest this ability once per lunar month./A well-sealed cake box with intact cake/A 40’ coil of rare sea shells strung on a silken cord/Magical Camo Paint that provides no protection, but grants 10 to disguise. The only way it works, however, is if the wearer is wearing no clothes, and covered head to toe in the stuff. It's hilarious when a disguise check fails, and they realize they are staring at a naked Gnome./A small bag containing 58 clay sling bullets. Each bullet has a 12 gp opal hidden inside./A cask full of bronze caltrops (6 pounds). (3gp)/A complete set of bronze and carved stone weight training equipment issued to the 4th army of the Ancient Empire/A tiny jar of glitternight dust (a narcotic)/A small sack containing 32 carved ivory mice/Exploding gold coins (Looks legit. Should avoid contact with real gold coins for safety...)/Mechanical claw mountain boots/Crystal prism (d20 x 10 gp)/Brass dungeon compass, runic markings, always points to nearest exit./A small cedar cask of dwarven pipe tobacco. (25gp)/A cursed fishing pole made of blackened ash. It will never catch a fish – although, if one attempts to use it unbaited, they will succeed in catching skeleton fish./An electrum pendant shaped like a curled-up cat. (6gp)/Studded leather armor made from sharkskin set with iron disks. (44gp)/A large (18”x28”), rectangular electrum sheet with ancient writing on it. The writing, if deciphered, is a brief history of a powerful magical item known as the House of Winds, with several clues as to where the item may have been lost fourteen hundred years ago. The House of Winds is described as an ornate mithral helm of legendary power. (75gp)/Pouch of poisoned throwing needles (see dagger damage & dart range)/A large barrel of pickled eels/An astrologer’s chart, inscribed with the finest instruments and the greatest precision upon a vellum which is both supple and expensive. Close inspection by those with the proper knowledge, however, reveals that these charts were constructed around an entirely different night sky – and, possibly, a caledrical system and length of year unlike anything known upon this world./Dagger with blood line to drain victim’s blood/A butter churn made of bone slats, bound with hoops of silver. A scrimshaw scene depicting a crowd of human villagers beating a Halfling with shovels and hoes wraps around it./Dehydrated Homonculi/An obsidian figurine of a dolphin which is always wet to the touch./Metal box of unidentifiable powder/The skeletal remains of a long-dead warrior, wearing a suit of plate armor which has long since tarnished. The name of every warrior to ever die by the last wearer’s hand has been inscribed upon the front and back of the chest plate, covering nearly every inch of its surface with chaotically written, black runes./Salve of Silence – armor improving sound nullifier/A weapons cabinet, unlocked and immovable, containing: 12 score arrows (1gp or score), 40 javelins (1gp each), 120 crossbow bolts (1sp or each), and a short bow (30gp). (Total value: 94gp)/Frolees five page guide to mustaches and beards/½ of fool’s gold/D8 springs of wolvesbane/A pen made from a raven’s feather. Through some magical means it writes continuously from an inexhaustible supply of golden ink upon whatever piece of parchment may be near by./A pair of bear fur knee breeches/Dagger of slicing – ignores armor bonus/A wand of eye poking, four charges. It will unerringly poke out the eye of a target creature within arm’s reach./An electrum drow house-medallion bearing the image of a crimson scorpion with the house name inscribed on the back in the drow tongue (House Ulrather). (20gp)/An abacus with counting beads made of ivory, silver, gold, and vitrified eye balls (120 gps)/Random monster taxidermy/The tiny figurine of a fertility goddess, carved from a rare, fist-sized pearl. Found deep beneath the surface of the earth, for two weeks after it is brought to the surface any woman touching the figurines will become pregnant. After the two week period has expired, the figure will never work again (or until returned to its original spot for 1d12 months)./A plain mirror with a frame of pale ashwood. Whenever someone looks in the mirror, however, they perceive an elven face in place of their own./Ring of Sustenance – require no food or water or rations/Ring of Ghosts: the wearer of the ring can see and communicate with the ghost of any intelligent being that has died in the past 24 hours within a 1 mile radius. After the 24 hours, the ghost disappears. The ghosts are only visible and audible to the wearer, but remain intangible. Also, the ghosts likely aren't very cooperative if the players killed them./A broad dagger with a hilt that can be unscrewed. The space revealed is sufficient to hold up to 25 coins, and currently holds 10 gold coins and 15 silver coins. (Dagger value: 15gp)/A finely woven blue, wool scarf (1gp)/A leaf from the great tree Yggdrasil./Miniature golden replica of ancient mythical temple – location map inside/A miniature golden chest with tiny emeralds lining the top that trace out a mage’s sigil. The chest is crafted in exquisite detail. (This is the material component of a “Secret Chest” (from the spell of the same name) for the ruthless lady-mage Aumurille, who will likely want it back....) (75gp)/A dagger sheath of bronze, set with a small moonstone. (10gp)/Dust of Coughing and Sneezing/Vial #2 contains speculumia, a slightly greenish opague liquid that when drunk suddenly causes a cloud of smoke and summons an exact copy of whoever drank it. The new person is completely the same as the drinker and will actually think that he is the one who drank the drink, the sudden cloud of smoke will prevent anyone witnessing the situation from being able to tell which one is the original person./The Torturers Dagger. Found on the corpse of an enemy from the realm of chaos. It does 1d6 damage, then heals 1d6 damage./A hand-fan of clipped, black-dyed harpy feathers bound with copper wiring. (9gp)/An archer’s bracer of leather and electrum. (25sp)/A hooded cloak with a dozen inside pockets./A quart of honey./Inhalation herbs & essences/An 8’ Golden horn/A delicate silver chain set with a tourmaline (28gp)/Crossbow bolt of chaos – 1 random affect on hit/A brown and red flecked egg, about the size of a loaf of bread, that gives off a rancid scent. (Troglodyte egg, worth 50gp to an interested alchemist, wizard, or university)/100’ of rope/A copper tongue scraper/Knife of a god of undeath. It turned whoever owned it immediately undead./Box of ‘Top Secret Battle Monkeys’/Block of ice with ancient holy symbol/A used, slightly rusted (but usable) double-bladed sword. (60gp)/One hundred and sixteen 3” white porcelain discs, each has a 1 ounce knob of electrum embedded in its center/D6 oily rags/A single, platinum skeleton-key on a platinum ring. The key is finely crafted, with a delicate design etched in elvish characters along the length and across the bow. (37gp)/A short quiver holding 3 sunrods (2gp each)/A leather bag containing a black silk shirt with eight silver buttons. (Bag: 1sp, shirt: 8gp)/Potion of purple ooze: Turns drinking player into an ooze for 1d8+1 days. You can make up stats for purple ooze creature./A prismatic crystal which echoes back – in a deep, melodious voice – every word which is said around it two seconds after it has been said./An elaborate, whalebone scrimshaw carving of intertwined orbs, each showing the legend of creation story of one of the seven civilized religions, roughly 10” in diameter. (45gp)/A large tome filled with over one hundred recipes for wild boar, goose, and venison; written by Kilan Wester, a former royal chef (retired). (95gp)/A lovely ivory-colored dress of silk with flowing sleeves. The dress has tiny pearls sewn at the neckline. (70gp)/A ceremonial short spear; ash wood with an iron point. Seven red and three blue dyed vulture feathers are attached to the head of the spear. The iron is fluted to whistle through the air, if thrown. (3gp)/A large crystal vase, silver trimmed, with a dozen dead roses and some stagnant water within. (14gp)/The neverburning torch. A jet black torch, with an inscription in gold upon its side: “Only in your hour of darkest need will I light.” All attempts – magical or otherwise – to light the torch will fail, but if the character carrying the torch ever finds himself upon the brink of death, the torch will flare to life./A famous battle banner, long lost, smells badly/An unhafted axe head of exceptional craftsmanship. It’s faces are inlaid with a faience scene showing a crowd of human villagers throwing a Halfling down a well./Troll-rubber boots for enhanced move silent/A pinewood totem pole of the northern barbarians, bearing six faces (from top to bottom): a hawk, a demon, an elk, a man, a fox, and a white dragon. The hawk has a silver feather on the left side of its face (8gp), the demon has a gold nose-ring (6gp), the elk has copper antlers (4gp), the man has electrum eyes (3gp each), the fox has a black onyx nose (15gp), and the dragon has ivory teeth (30 teeth worth 1gp each). The pole is fifteen feet tall and weighs 200 pounds. (57m, 97kg)/A set of dies and hammers for minting the kings coinage./Pouch of mushrooms – Mario themed/A scabbard stained the dark color of rust. Any blade which is placed within the scabbard will emerge covered in a sheen of blood./The silver hilt of a sword with a grip of black leather. The blade is missing, or never existed to begin with. One night per year, however, on the eve of the new year, the hilt is possessed of a ghostly blade – allowing it to perform its duties as a sword once more./Screaming Arrows – intimidate or fear check/Potion of false bluff: drinker of the potion perceives that they are an amazing liar. They believe that every bluff, diplomacy, and intimidation check they make for the next 1d4 hours succeeds, whether it does or not./A wicker basket with a pair of mink furs within. (20gp each)/A staff that could change into a hammer and give him extra strength while it was in that mode./Witch’s Mad Sack of Bats – releases swarm of bats/A tiny toy soldier which marches ceaselessly back and forth – eternally vigilant and pissed off if anyone disturbs./A silver ring shaped into the likeness of a bull’s head. (4gp)/A tiny diorama made of oak and silver, depicting a prophecy of the last days of the world in vivid detail./In a worn and decaying wall of mud bricks, a single black brick – polished and perfectly preserved – stands out in stark contrast. If the brick is pried out and broken open, it will reveal a quicksilver core./A dozen quality daggers in a rolled up rug/A ruby the size of a man’s fist which sparkles and gleams with the promise of untold wealth in the faintest of lights, but which crumbles to dust upon the lightest touch./A mask carved to look like the face of a man, but which has been fitted for something wholly other./A carved wooden mantle, meant to be mounted above a fireplace, crafted of ash-wood and stained a medium brown. The left side is carved in images of demons and flames, the right in images of angels and air. The top is carved into an idyllic forest theme and has a moon above the left corner and a sun above the right. This piece weighs just over a hundred pounds. (65gp)/Dead or dried up fey hanging from ceiling/Four half-pound bricks of compressed Black Lotus pollen/A two gallon stone ware jug containing hallucinogenic tree sap syrup (20 gp)/A cabinet containing 24 glass jars of various medicinal herbs/Litmus magic paper: This paper can be used as a standard action by rubbing it on an object. It either detects no magic and can be used again, or changed color and brightness to reflect the school(s) and strengths of magic on the object./A bowl full of golden apples found in the midst of ruins which have long been left desolate and uninhabited. They are quite edible and unspoiled. If they are taken beyond the ruins, they will lose their golden sheen and appear – in all respects – as normal, red apples. So long as they remain within the ruins, however, they are golden, and will not age or rot./Re-animation bomb/D3 vials of holy water/Concealed punching dagger-bracer (Assassin’s Creed style)/Cat-python/Apple of the God’s – gain random ability of 1 god aspect at risk of save vs death, then random forbidden fruit side effect; ability is 1 per day or 50% chance success/Near-Empty-Ever-Full One Arrow Quiver – always only 1 arrow, will reappear after being shot./Brazier of infinite imps – 1d4 imps spawn every 1d4 hours/A masquerade mask crafted of leather and peacock feathers. (12gp)/Dagger of Bleeding – DC save to avoid bleeding damage/A hard, roughly cut piece of basalt rock which bleeds when pressure is applies to it./A foot-high bronze statuette of a pair of entwined nymphs, dancing. (8gp)/Jewel encrusted sarcophagus – mummy inside/Piece of Legendary weapon & map with possible locations for other pieces/Bad Coin: A coin that always comes up tails. Placing it anywhere tails side down causes it to flip itself over after 1 round. It takes 50 pounds of pressure to prevent this flip./Within a wooden box carved with pastoral scenes lies a leather purse, and within the purse are a handful of seeds. If these seeds are planted, they will take root and grow into plants of unnatural shape, hue, and life unlike anything seen upon this world, and operating by utterly alien principles./Utility belt of flasks/A peg leg inscribed with a pirate’s treasure map. The map is either false or its treasure has long since been plundered. If you wish to provide the PCs with a true map, then one may be found in the hollow compartment within the leg./A scimitar with a gold and snakeskin hilt set with a citrine. (100gp)/Ritualistic tattooing kit/Scalpel capable of cutting any substance/A broken holy sword, inscribed with the name of a legendary Paladin./Backpack of effortlessness/Reversible, finely crafted robes/Ricochet-sling – up to 4 targets (d4 for targets, attack roll each; first attack fail causes ricochet to end [unless a tie, in the case of a tie to AC the ricochet continues])/A 3’ square replica of a castle, in wood, complete with ramparts and miniature ballistae and toy soldiers. Scribbled in some spots are notes written in draconic that suggest a plan to assault the castle (“Kill guard here first”, “Murder holes overhead”, Fireball this area”, etc…).It weighs 120 pounds. (65gp)/Smugglers boots – great for hiding a concealed backup dagger or wand/Mechanical mice which run through the walls of an ancient keep. They have done so for longer than written record can attest. They seem to be a benign presence – lacking even the slightest pestilent qualities of their flesh-and-blood counterparts – and have become an accepted presence here. Who their creator was, how they are fueled, and what purpose they serve (if any) are mysteries which may never be solved./A rapier in an ornate, electrum-trimmed steel scabbard worked in swirl-patterns. (Rapier: 20gp, Scabbard: 45gp)/A pound of goat jerky/A finely crafted figurine of a blue dragon, rampant, done in wood and painted. (6sp)/The Longsword of Balanced Sums. Functions exactly like a generic +2 Longsword... except when you crit miss. Then it heals the target for half its max hit points./Four pairs of snow serpent fur felt stockings (20 gp)/Four bars of copper. (2gp each)/Silver pan or satyr pipes or flute/A reliquary containing the bones of an ancient holy man/A small wooden case holding four pairs of fairy wings. (4gp per pair to an alchemist, wizard, or university)/Ballistic Fist Hammer (Hammer with each side acting as ballistic fists from Fallout series)/A small cask of yellow clothiers’ dye. (8gp)/Amulets of inedibility. Anything wearing it cannot be seen as food./A piglet/Gold dipped idol of several skulls/A large bale of rare furs/Lucky Coin: You must have this item with you for 24 hours for it to become attuned to you. Once attuned, you may choose the result any time it is flipped, regardless of who actually flips it. Possible commands include heads, tails, and edge./A finely made silver chalice etched in arcane symbols (non-magical). (7gp)/A diamond of incredible beauty which slowly shifts its color from the purest white to canary to blue to black and back again./The Living Lantern, it acts as a decent light source, but it hates wooden items and structures and tends to set them on fire. I haven't decided if it should take a liking to burning cloth. It has some very curious results, mostly involving villagers getting angry at their houses burning or support struts burning down resulting in some catastrophic collapse./Half-full flask of nightmare ale – 1 sip = 1d4 hours fear check per hour; full measure = 1d4 hours horrifying hallucinations vs DC save for early retirement/A cracked mask of teak wood, colored in (chipped) blue and red paint depicting the face of a fairy (4sp)/Waterskin of lamb’s blood/A silver brooch depicting a mage’s tower. (This could be a pass for magical wards at the mage’s tower, at the DM’s discretion.) (12gp)/Receipt for delivery of slaves/A filthy bucket, bolted to the floor, ¾ full of urine, containing silver coins, rings and necklaces worth 820 gp/A tattered, and sadly unusable, scroll fragment, inscribed with a spell unknown to any living mage./Pouch of healing potions/A 5’ diameter wheel of fine, aged cheese/A small, heart-shaped token carved out of rose-colored sandstone, holding the mad soul of a princess who was trapped there by a sorcerer many centuries ago. Her body remains in the hidden royal sepulchers of her homeland, perfectly preserved by ancient magic./Underworld Currency – lead coins; purple rocks or crystals, fairy dust, dragon scales, dna globules (rocks or capsules with runic understanding of specific creatures), tally bones, soul traps or crystals/Ash of phoenix in necklace or choker – instant revive to wearer (takes 10 rounds or 1 minute)/A set of five small silver statuettes (each about 2” tall) consisting of a cat, an owl, a falcon, a horse and a griffon. (5gp each)/A one-gallon cask of Demon’s Vale Wine; a fiery red wine known to be made from hot peppers. (10gp)/Gold plated idols – possession = death penalty/RPG javelin – 5x range, normal range 5x dmg, 2xs range = 4xs dmg, 3xs range = 3xs dmg, etc… - explodes & destroyed after use except at 5xs or 4xs range/A large copper shield, embossed with a (copper) dragon’s head. “Elvalynte” is inscribed on the interior in a flowing script. (34gp)/A large snow globe, with a study base of polished oak, depicting a small farmhouse in the midst of a forest clearing. Shaking the globe causes the snow to gently fall, and as it does miniature figures exit the house and begin performing chores about the farmyard. The figures return to the house as the last flake falls./A small ball of white marble – roughly three inches across – which hovers in the air until it is touched or disturbed, at which point it falls to the floor and ceases to exhibit any supernatural properties./Wind attacking melee weapon – 10’ wind attack with slice/\"Phoenix Egg\" from a peddler in the City of Brass. After consulting with a few scholars, he later found that (at least in my world lore) Phoenixes are born of primal energy and not hatched, and that he had in fact purchased a very large jar of Alchemist's Fire./A string of 8 beaver pelts. (4sp each)/A long, narrow wooden box containing forty, ½ lb rolls of quality smoking leaf./A detailed rose, with petals and thorns, constructed of silver and electrum. (40gp)/Spork of positive reinforcement - that says encouraging things like \"Everything's GREAT!\" and \"Your body temperature is squarely within normal human range!\"/A small, crystal vial of a clear, viscous liquid that smells strongly of honeysuckle. (Vial: 4gp, Perfume: 3gp)/A stone table in the midst of the wilderness which is, nevertheless, always filled with a fresh meal whenever travelers come across it./Shrunken head with command word – 1 ray spell per hour/Self-guided grappling hook - +10 to range attack roll for aiming/Rocks stuffed with lava/Neverfull Waterskin (It's always half empty.)/A straw broom/A thin malachite bracelet with a silver clasp. (6gp)/A 35 lb keg of iron nails/An elegant puppet theater. Although its wood is brightly polished and the red of its satin curtains is bright and fresh, the hand-painted sign upon its front (reading “The Wondrous Show of Punch and Judy” in carnival lettering) is chipped and faded. If the curtains are opened (using a set of finely woven pulley ropes which lie inside the theater), the puppets – stored in a concealed compartment “backstage” – will come to life and perform elaborate shows of their own volition./Pie bombs/Smart 50’ rope – obeys simple commands, animated like snake/A high quality sharpening stone/Potion 3: Phoenix Restorative. The next time the drinker is reduced to 0 hit points, they deal area fire damage, and return to full health, only happens once. The player has no special knowledge this is true, but the flavor of the draught burns their throat but leaves them feeling oddly optimistic. Fire damage dealt should be based on circumstance, but if you can get away with lots, it'd be the most fun./A pickle/A life-sized copper and silver statuette of a cockatrice. (17gp)/Helm – cherubic infant embellishment, emits confusion spell at will/Knife vest – holds 1d12 knives!/½ of jerked meat/A blood-soaked book; a partially written history about a long-lost keep on the borderlands. The last written page is done in a different hand, and is scrawled with “The rules have changed!” in large, bold letters. Roughly a third of the book (of 100 pages) has been used. (5gp)/Giant spider silk rope – sticks to most surfaces (including oiled gloves)/A set of wooden wind chimes which plays a different tune depending upon the direction of the wind which disturbs it./A life sized copper statue of a fat cat with amber eyes. Purrs if stroked, does not detect as magic./A bestiary!/A bright red hooded cape sized for a child, spattered with dried blood. (1gp)/The skeletal remains of a long-dead warrior, wearing a suit of plate armor which still glistens as if it had been polished yesterday. The name of every warrior to ever don the armor has been inscribed upon the front and back of the chest plate, covering nearly every inch of its surface with precisely written, black runes. A carful inspection of the armor will reveal that there remains room for one last name./A large, boxed chess set. All the pieces are small, dead pixies somehow sealed within glass./Bound Armor of the Demon or Fey or Lich or Whatever - Gives insane buffs, will eventually turn you into one of whatever it's namesake is./An iron flask holding a viscous liquid of intense, emerald-green that smells faintly of citrus fruit. The liquid is a concentrated, magical dye for clothing and the like, equal to four full barrels of normal dye. If consumed, it turns the drinker green for a full month. (65gp)/Self-incinerating pellets – extra planar or dimensional transport or escape to pocket dimension with scrying or teleportation stone or orb/The remnants of a massive door of stone which has been smashed into rubble. A magic mouth which had once adorned the door remains intact. As the PCs draw near it will issue its warning: “Disturb not this chamber, lest the world suffer.” Whatever the mouth was set to guard is gone – the chamber beyond the broken door is empty./A 6’ stack of 1” x 8” x 12’ planks of rare, scented jewel wood/A large, wrought-iron sign crafted to read: “Beware of Wyvern” in a bold script. The sign weighs 80 pounds. (70gp)/Uncut jewel – size of a dwarf’s fist or other incredible size/A tablet of pure gold, inscribed with the core rites and beliefs of a vernerable religion. Carful study of this tablet, however, will reveal subtle – but important – differences between these ancient practices and the current practices of the religion in question./An oboe-like musical instrument made from a troll’s femur/A child’s cloth doll with a small silver brooch pinned to it in the shape of a butterfly. (Brooch: 4gp)/A 5 ft. tall bookstand in maple-wood, the front of which is carved into the likeness of three intertwined foxes. (6gp)/\"The Box of Do Want\" which made anyone looking into the box desire whatever it was that I put inside of it. A rock? The shopkeeper wants it so badly they're willing to pay their entire fortune. A spoon? The tavern keeper is willing to give you his daughter./Wand Chamber – fashioned to look like a scroll case, it contains 1d12 slots to hold wands – think of it as a circular bandolier for your everyday wizard/A hollow glass sphere of surprising proportions – nearly three meters across. If it is broken those nearby will catch the barest scent of alien perfumes, hinting at strange lands belonging to the ancient time when the sphere was first forged and air trapped within it./A crown of severed, mummified fingers. Each finger bears three jeweled rings (2200 gp)/A large sword with jewels that sequentially lit up after activation. After the last jewel was lit, the sword would explode!/A sword of truly mammoth proportions. Resting within a chamber more than thirty meters long, the sword stretches from one end to the other. Whatever creature was meant to wield this mighty weapon would truly stagger the imagination of a dragon./Bone crushing mace – critical renders limb useless; two handed by any smaller than large/Rabbit-fur mittens and hat sized for a child. (1gp)/Eldritch flint & steel – 10’ reach – blinding or minor burns/Water damaged ledger – hidden location/A brass chamber pot in which has been hidden 3 pieces of rosy quartz. (Chamber pot: 3sp, rosy quartz: 4gp, 7gp, 12gp)/A sack of prized flower bulbs/D8 buds of garlic/The potions are a polymorphed group of famous heroes transformed into oozes. Anyone with the ability to communicate telepathically are able to speak with them (and probably help them get back to normal)./A pair of blue enameled steel spiked gauntlets. The palms of both gauntlets are designed to display the Cambersome family crest, a stylized ‘C’ shaped into the likeness of a coiled serpent. (90gp) /Ancient gold cube – quite encumbering/Refillable curved poison dagger/A dirty canvas back containing twenty pounds of an aphrodisiac root (1000 gp)/Charm that tells 1 truth about a creature killed in the area/Fossilized skull of lich-arcane power source/Potpourri with demon blood – invigorating & entrancing/Headless helm – invisibility helm, “headless horseman style”/Animated pet rock – capable of killing people!/ Tactical defense stick…/A leather ball stuffed with chicken feathers and a plain electrum ring. (Ring: 35sp)/Silver hand sized harp/A grandfather’s broadsword, plain but quality. An unknown script runs along the inner side of the scabbard./A ring of Luck, +1 on all saves/An ancient mummy which was given full burial rites and laid within a stately sarcophagus. Arranged on five pedestals around the sarcophagus are the canopic jars in which the mummy’s vital organs were placed. Although the mummy is not of the undead, opening these jars will reveal that its organs continue to function: The heart beats, the lungs fill with air and empty again, and so forth./Armor of barbarian raging/Dinosaur bacon/Troll calling horn/A magic kazoo of intimidation/A large pile of coal. Two small, rough diamonds are hidden near the bottom. (20gp, 25gp)/Monster presence detecting weapon (Hobbit – Sting, Orcs or Goblins)/Key chain with multiple types of ‘skeleton keys’/Collection of documents with traces of royal bloodlines/A telescope of jade and banded with bloodstone. A character looking through the telescope sees not the world around them, but a strange, alien panorama which – nonetheless – follows the motions of the telescope./A cow/A 'God-Helmet' that explained the universe when you put it on. It usually just fried your brain though, small chance of enlightenment or instant death./The holy symbol of a god long thought dead and gone./A large signet ring of gold, worked with a unicorn crest. Any commoner who dons the ring will suddenly discover its metal heated to unbearable levels – causing one hit point of damage per round. However, anyone with noble blood (however slight), or destined to become a noble at some point in the future, who does the same will suffer only a momentary flash of pain (with an accompanying 1 hp of damage). They will find that the unicorn crest has reshaped itself to their own heraldry, which has also been branded in miniature form upon the back of the finger. From this point forward, they can put on or remove the ring at will without any further ill effects./Object of secret door detection or lay out visualization/Two six-fingered gloves, along with a matching seven-fingered glove. The set is made of supple black leather, and stitched with fine, silver thread./A human skeleton in rotted priest’s robes wearing a ring and necklace. (Electrum ring: 4gp Silver necklace: 3gp)/Debt of a Soul – contract of soul ownership/A plain, unadorned black obelisk. If brought above ground and into the open, the obelisk will draw down a near-constant barrage of lightning to itself – even if the sky is clear./A horn fashioned from the translucent bone of a storm giant. Those who put their ear to the horn hear it whisper the sounds of an unknown village square. Whether the village which they hear is – or was – a real place is a mystery which may never be solved. (Twin horn in village square allows communication between the two)./Whale ivory leg prosthetic/A finely crafted compass of gold and silver, decorated and labelled with ornate, dwarven and draconic runes. Once every 1d4 hours it randomly changes the cardinal direction to which its arrow points./Blindfold – allows comprehension of ancient written languages/A quiver of golden arrows, They are devoid of supernatural properties, but despite their unusual composition will perform as normal arrows would./A small, brown glass jar, sealed with wax, with a gray dust inside. A white label is affixed to the jar, and reads: “Zombie Dust” in a shaky script. (It is zombie dust. Value: 3gp)/A small bag of saffron. (22gp)/A five gallon cask of usk brandy./Pulsating organ of leviathan (is sack or cloth)/Nigh-indestructible scroll case – leviathan ivory, jewel encrusted, demon paintings on side – scraps of scroll inside/Triple ‘barreled’ crossbow/Huge unbreakable leaf from Tree of Adamant/A gear-driven ships navigational calculator enclosed in a jewelwood box (5000 gp)/Semi-reliable Blindfold of Trap Awareness, sends shivers down the wearer’s spine when traps are near – or at random times./A clairseach harp in the style of the northern barbarians, but crafted with an elegance which suggests the decadence of a great civilization. Its strings are almost too fine to be perceived with the naked eye, and when they are played they resonate with the force of a full orchestra./With an elegant hinged case of black onyx, the characters find a set of masterwork gaming darts. Although useless for combat, the darts will give a +2 skill check bonus to anyone using them to play a game of darts (due to their superb balance and construction)./A scroll detailing the bound service of two men-at-arms sworn to six months of service./Magic F**k You fireworks/The curse of the gauntlets was that no magic would ever help you, beneficial or baneful and anything you were in contact with would lose its magical properties while you're touching it. found out the contact one when visiting flying mages tower. I was no longer welcome there, but with certain classes the gloves are pretty sweet even considering the downside./½ of raisins/A stuffed falcon, tattered with age, with black onyx eyes. (Onyx value: 5gp each)/A blood-stained dress which, despite being found in ruins which have lain undisturbed for centuries, is still a vibrant, stunning blue./A token or key designed to deactivate all traps within the dungeon, requires activation at security box in secret depths of deepest part of dungeon/An owlbear costume./A life-size basalt statue of a raven. (25gp)/Globe of Invulnerability (It's a snowglobe. Not even the gods themselves can destroy it.)/A charm of twisted black obsidian. Touching the charm unleashes strange, ghostly visions from a strange and alien world – utterly different in every particular, but eerily similar to our own world in its broad scope and form./4 ceramic canopic jars, holding the stomach, intestines, lungs, and liver of a long-ago monarch. Each has a golden lid with a likeness of a paunchy, hook-nosed man with pale skin and a squint. (20gp each)/Satchel of gold painted lead coins/A life sized ivory carving of a chicken/Seven lengths of extremely thick, 30’ long, hemp rope, such as that used for catapults. (5gp each)/Unspeakable recipes/Extra dimensional flask – holds 1 gallon/A jar containing six eyeballs (2 human, 1 goblin, 1 ogre, 1 worg, and 1 hawk) in a clear liquid. (2gp for all)/A weatherworn wooden board, inscribed with patterns which make it clear that it was once used for a game whose rules have long since been lost to time./Exploding rations – breathe weapon 1d6 hours for 1 use of color theme type/Electric weapon/A stoppered behir horn containing 300 gp worth of powdered electrum/A mithril-headed branding-iron bearing the sigil of the Manticora Trading House. (100gp)/A dozen chicken eggs; hollowed out and filled with white flour. (5cp each)/A Weather-worn jade statue depicting a desert beast known only to the people of the far south./A statuette of a dragon, forged from the finest mithril, which responds to yes or no questions which are posed to it in draconic. The answers given may appear prophetic or oracular, but are actually random./A copper necklace set with a small amulet shaped into a symbol representing the sun. (2gp)/Bag of angel feathers – aura of good; razor sharp; stronger than steel (can be used as weapon like dagger)/Headband or Headdress of enslavement
